1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be
integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
* - Expression
'hello' - String value
-87.8  - Float value
-  - Expression
/  - Expression
+  - Expression
6  - Integer value

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
  String - it is an value representing a text either in single quote or double quote.
  Variable - it is a name that can refer to any value.

3. Describe three different data types.
  Number - it is used to store integer values.
  String -it is used to store sequence of characters.
  Float - it is used to store float values.

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
  An Expression is made up of a combination of variable and operators which is evaluated to get a single value.
  For Example: Consider an expression 2+2
  Here, 2s are the variables and + is an mathematical operator which evaluates to give an result 4.


5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an
expression and a statement?
  Statement can be represented like an command or an action but expression is a combination of variables and operators that gives a result value.
  An expression always returns a value which can be printed on screen but statement is a line of code that will not print any value onto the screen.

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
  Value will be 23 as it intially assigning 22 to the variable bacon and its incrementing it by 1 so it will return 23.

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3
  Both the expressions gives same value 
  'spamspamspam'
  'spamspamspam'
  
8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
  Variable name should start with albhapet or by underscore no other special characters except _ are valid.

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string
version of a value?
  int()
  float()
  str()


10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten' + 99 + 'burritos'
  will get an typeerror while executing this code because a string cannot be concatinated with a integer.
  if we want to get an result as 'I have eaten99burritos' then code should be modified as 'I have eaten' +'99' + 'burritos'.
