1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
  Functions reduce the need for duplicate code.
  code in the function will execute when function is called.
  This makes programs shorter, easier to read, and easier to update.
  
2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
  Defining a function is the creation of a function
  def multiple(x,y):
      return x*y
  Calling a function would look like
  print(multiply(2,3))

3. What statement creates a function?
  The "def" keyword is a statement for defining a function in Python. 

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
  A function is a block of code that does a particular operation and returns a result. It usually accepts inputs as parameters and returns a result. 
  The parameters are not mandatory.
  def add(a,b):
    return a+ b
  A function call is the code used to pass control to a function.
  b = add(5,6)
  Now b will have the value 11.
  
5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
  Global scope: The names that you define in this scope are available to all your code.
  Local scope: The names that you define in this scope are only available or visible to the code within the scope.

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
  A local variable retains its value until the next time the function is called
  A local variable becomes undefined after the function call completes
  The local variable can be used outside the function any time after the function call completes.
  When the function returns,Local scopeDestroyed, all the variables are forgotten.
  
7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
  A return statement is used to end the execution of the function call and returns the result. 
  The statements after the return statements are not executed. 
  If the return statement is without any expression, then the special value None is returned.
  return can be used
  
8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
   If a function doesn't specify a return value, it returns None
  
9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
   You can use a global variable within other functions by declaring it as global within each function that assigns a value to it
   The Global statement forces a variable in a function to reference the global variable.
   
10. What is the data type of None?
    None is used to define null values
    None keyword is an object, and it is a data type of the class NoneType
  
11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
    The import statement imports the areallyourpetsnamederic module which is not a real python module
    
12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
    spam.bacon().
    
13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
    keep the line of code which causing the error in an try clause.
    
14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
    Possible error Put it in the try clause.
    Code to execute when an error occurs Put in the except clause.
